---
layout: post
title:  "ATS on iOS10"
date:   2016-10-05 12:33:00
categories: iOS
---


ATS 적용과 관련해서 Apple forum에 애플 엔지니어가 직접 단 댓글들을 모아봤음.

[ATS on iOS10 Apple forum 글 원문보기](https://forums.developer.apple.com/thread/48979)

> First up, there have been no changes to the technical behaviour of ATS (other than the addition of NSAllowsArbitraryLoadsInWebContent and NSRequiresCertificateTransparency).  From a technical perspective, ATS exceptions in the newly seeded OS releases work the same way as they do in the current OS release.
What has changed is that App Review will require “reasonable justification” for most ATS exceptions.  The goal here is to flush out those folks who, when ATS was first released, simply turned it off globally and moved on.  That will no longer be allowed.
The impact of this will depend on the circumstances of your app.  I don’t work for App Review, so I can’t give definitive answers as to what constitutes a “reasonable justification” in their minds.  However, I can recommend that you do the following:
watch the WWDC session where we announced this change (WWDC 2016 Session 706 What’s New in Security) so that you can get a feel for the rationale behind it
carefully audit your app’s use of HTTP and HTTPS
construct a minimal ATS exception dictionary
if you have ATS exceptions, keep notes about your analysis so that you can refer back to them when you need to submit your justification to App Review
Finally, if there are places where ATS has limitations that cause you to specify wider exceptions than one might reasonably expect, file an enhancement request against ATS for more appropriate exceptions.  Make sure to note the bug number to use in your justification.  And I’d appreciate you posting your bug number here, just for the record.
I’ve removed the following example because we introduced NSAllowsLocalNetworking in iOS 10.0b4, partly based on the feedback we got from developers like you.  Thanks everyone!  OTOH, the general advice from the previous paragraph still stands.
For example, right now ATS has very poor support for dealing with accessories on the local Wi-Fi.  An app that needs to deal with such an accessory may well need to set NSAllowsArbitraryLoads.  In that case, it would be wise to file a bug that describes your app’s requirements and requests better support from ATS, and use that bug number as part of your justification.

-----------

>
At the technical level, it’s hard to say which is the best option:
With option #1 (NSAllowsArbitraryLoadsInWebContent and NSAllowsArbitraryLoads) iOS 9 will be less secure (because of the NSAllowsArbitraryLoads) but iOS 10 will be more secure (ATS is enabled for everything except the web view).
With option #2 (NSAllowsArbitraryLoadsInWebContent and an NSExceptionDomains entry for your specific domain with NSExceptionAllowsInsecureHTTPLoads), iOS 9 will be more secure (because there’s no NSAllowsArbitraryLoads) but iOS 10 will be less secure (because the NSExceptionDomains applies to code outside of the web view).
I reckon you could reasonably justify either to App Review, but I can’t say for sure because I’m not allowed to speak on their behalf.
If I were in your shoes I’d probably go for the first option because:
it offers the best security going forward; the percentage of users on iOS 10 is already significant and it’s growing rapidly
lots of other developers will be doing this, so it’s going to be easier to justify to App Review

----------

>I’m unable to predict the future, both due to policy reasons (my management hates it when I speculate) and… well… physics (-:  Right now ATS is only enforced by our high-level APIs (NSURLSession, NSURLConnection, and anything layered on top of those), and there’s been no announcements about that changing.
Keep in mind, however, that ATS’s enhanced security requirements are not arbitrary; they are defined to give your users a good level of security on an increasingly hostile Internet.  As such, your app should aim to comply with these requirements even if ATS is not actively enforcing them.
